[master < T560-FL] Update MAGE setup (#668)
memgraph/docs: mage/installation/source.md

## Installing MAGE

### Prerequisits

> You need to install few things in order to build MAGE from source. Run following command to set up machine for
> MAGE installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install MAGE from source, first set up the machine by running the following commands: 
```

```bash
sudo apt-get update && apt-get install -y \
    libcurl4        `memgraph` \
    libpython${PY_VERSION}   `memgraph` \
    libssl-dev       `memgraph` \
    openssl         `memgraph` \
    build-essential `mage-memgraph` \
    cmake           `mage-memgraph` \
    curl            `mage-memgraph` \
    g++             `mage-memgraph` \
    python3         `mage-memgraph` \
    python3-pip     `mage-memgraph` \
    python3-setuptools     `mage-memgraph` \
    python3-dev     `mage-memgraph` \
    clang           `mage-memgraph` \
    git             `mage-memgraph` \
    --no-install-recommends \
    && rm -rf /var/lib/apt/lists/* /tmp/* /var/tmp/*
```

### Installation process
**1.** Download the MAGE source code from

> **[GitHub](https://github.com/memgraph/mage)** and run the `setup` script. It
> will generate a `dist` directory with all the needed files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[GitHub](https://github.com/memgraph/mage)** and run the `setup` script. 

The script will generate a `dist` directory with all the needed files:
```

```shell
python3 setup build -p /usr/lib/memgraph/query_modules
```

> This command will also copy the contents of the newly created `dist` directory to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command above will also copy the contents of the newly created `dist` directory to
```

> This command will also copy the contents of the newly created `dist` directory to
> `/usr/lib/memgraph/query_modules` where Memgraph load query modules from. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command above will also copy the contents of the newly created `dist` directory to
`/usr/lib/memgraph/query_modules`.  Memgraph loads query modules from this directory. 
```

> **If something doesn't get installed properly, `setup` script will stop installation process. If you have any 
> questions, contact us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/memgraph).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If something doesn't get installed properly, the `setup` script will stop the installation process. If you have any 
questions, contact us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/memgraph).**
```

:::warning

> Make sure you cloned  `mage` github repository with `--recurse-submodules` flag since it has incorporated Memgraph inside:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be sure you cloned the `mage` GitHub repository using the `--recurse-submodules` flag since it has incorporated Memgraph inside:
```

Reviewer: since it has incorporated Memgraph inside sounds very strange....

What has what where? :D

Author: MAGE has incorporated memgraph haha does this sound okay? What can I change?

Reviewer: Make sure you cloned  `mage` github repository with `--recurse-submodules` flag since the image also contains MemgraphDB:

Like this?

```shell
git submodule update --init --recursive
```
:::

**2.** Start Memgraph and enjoy **MAGE**!

> :::warning Query modules are loaded into Memgraph on startup so if your instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning 
Query modules are loaded into Memgraph on startup, so if your instance
```
